This is a head gum original.
We're a step-to-side ever.
To where we to call.
Can you see the camera?
No, I can see you.
You're not going to able to see me at a step-to-side.
I happen in the last three times, I've been on.
Andrew Pile fucked up this episode already.
He's not even here, that's a great question.
Right?
It's that he reset the Wi-Fi network, because the Wi-Fi is down.
Well, I don't want to put it all on Pile.
You don't actually, he's got his own paternity leave.
So he won't.
I don't even think he'll listen to this.
So yeah, let's put it all on Pile.
Yeah.
And he's not going to be here for a while.
Because, by the way, you get double paternity if you have the twins.
Is that double-type?
Sorry.
Is that true?
I don't think it's true.
Don't ask me.
Yeah, I don't think that's true.
He has to do.
So we both look to you, like, oh, like Casey must know.
It's been like a per child.
Right.
How many kids do you get?
Quadruple.
Really.
It's exponential.
Yeah.
And experiential.
Yes.
And how long is it end?
It's paternity leave.
I think it's three months.
So he gets a year.
That's amazing.
A year without Pile, I actually do think the company would fall off the rails.
A year without Pile.
I'm a year without style.
I'm a year without Pile.
That sounds like a Casey script.
What?
A year without Pile.
It's a utopian society movie.
He won't stop bringing up his movie.
He won't.
Keep stopping.
It's Hollywood narcissism getting the Casey.
I mean, I don't know what else to say.
It's like, I know my resolution to him was to go Hollywood.
Yeah.
But I feel like you've gone so Hollywood.
You've bordered into Hollywood Regency, which is a little bit ghost.
Can we start?
Yes.
Yeah.
We've started.
Oh, did you play the theme song?
Yeah.
I heard it.
Okay.
Or is that?
So we can't see Brad and he can't hear the noise.
Now he can.
There it is.
Yeah.
Perfect timing.
We go straight into this.
Don't laugh.
We have to get through every time.
Elton John.
Donald Glover.
Yannick Sinner.
Connor Bidard.
That's not a real person.
No way.
I know black.
That's what I'm going to say.
No one draft it.
No one rafter.
Exactly.
His name will be in the right.
The rafters.
Number one.
He plays Bond.
Are you guys still tired?
I was tired.
Is number for that.
Other than hockey.
Can you guys.
Or other than Brad.
I should say.
Can you guys name 10 hockey players.
Richard Zednik.
I said other than you.
Boy tech.
Volski.
Of a Colorado.
Will have.
Redski.
Sydney.
That's too.
Fascinating.
That's a great.
That's for.
Mark Messier.
He's a good guy.
Yeah.
Brad.
We're not including you.
You obviously know a lot about hockey.
Dave Mc'Rick Wong.
Number 30.
He's like, Trevor Wattier.
Trevor Wattier.
Yeah.
He plays for Leaves.
Andy Bauer.
Leaves.
It's the leaf.
Casey Sariah.
He's got a chime in here.
It's not the leaves.
Yes.
I made up Trevor.
Yeah.
Beacon.
I think that's that's what I thought about, got it.
I think that's what he's like.
Roger.
That's a lot of experience.
Yeah.
That's a serious part.
Actually.
What?
That's a Cleveland guardian.
What is it the fact that I'm behind the desk that you guys.
the desk that you guys don't listen to me. Yeah, I just can't hear you. Is there a
Ohio hockey team that you follow? Yeah, Columbus Blue Jackets Rick Nash number 61
Rick Nash the wrestlers. That's where it's Kevin Nash and it's
clear. My dog is Nelson John. We know. Be got a bomb. He's going to be the first
he's going to be got. Yeah, bomb and be Grammy Oscar Tony. I think really good,
which is also I think a good name for another character in the bond
universe. Be got. That's like a charming Grammy Oscar Tony. Okay. Well, I think
Be got is could be a good nickname for a guy. A guy named Bob and the Oscar
and the Oscar Tony. It does kind of actually sound like it does actually sound
like a character that would have been in the performance. You think that's Italian
sounding Be got Tony? Oh my god. Last name Tony that's a mafia name. Yeah, I'm not
going to have this kind of and I still keep thinking that the door is open. It's not
because they took the film off the bush, right? And in my peripheral, which by the way,
the vision's coming back. Oh, that's nice. The headaches are ensuing God, because I hit
my head again. Yeah, I want to get into something that I'm here said, but right before
this. And Brad, I'm not sure if you heard you said imagine if this because we had a
lot of tech issues, which I think we should spend the first 30 minutes of the show
talking about. Okay. I haven't said every time. We don't need a lot of time.
At Mr. Griver, happening right now, raining, I can see the rain right now, falling
off the awning, right? Yeah. So the Wi-Fi is down. It isn't there there. That should
be fine though, because the ethernet was connected. Guess what pile did? What? Disconnected
the entire Wi-Fi from afar, from a fraternity leave. I'm like, we were doing fine
without pile. And I actually think that a year without pile, right in the director by Casey
Danyu, or sorry, Cassie Danyu? No. Would be better, because a mere said, as I also
spilled a bunch of hard drives, he said, imagine if this was happening during a real podcast.
Yeah. What the fuck was that about, man? I was saying that like this is basically a fake
show. And that if that happened during an actual podcast with a host that we respect, it
would be embarrassing. I feel like he doesn't even know what he's saying, because I feel
like that's not that can't be what you mean. It is. I was very direct. And I used this
specific words to get across that exact message, which is, is it that you aren't that
guy? Is it that you feel comfortable on the show? Is it that it's like, oh, it's an
in-house show. So it's not like something you have to make your bed of a friend is
yeah. That's not no. Really? You should definitely make your bed of a friend is coming
over. All right. Wow. That's why I'm using the same energy, though, to my first bullet
point of my outline. What is this? Why? Why? That's your first full-page. You're out
line. There's this studio G. Yeah. For the better part of a month, we haven't been booked
in that studio. Why haven't I gotten a taste? Because there are three of us in this room
right now. And the studio G is designed for four plus. Okay. I get that. Like a repertoire.
Yeah. How do you ensemble? How do you remember which one is the UH, which one is the
studio G? Because I'm in the torture member. Sorry. Are you thinking right if I step
in right here? I do. But go ahead. Studio H stands for Studio H as in like Jeff G.
Studio G. So now it's Studio H. Studio G was built for me as in it does stand for I'm sorry
to say. Yeah. So you're the last person we thought about. One building G. I don't
get that. I really don't get that. Because I feel like if we could be hopping
harder than thither between Studio H and Jeff, suddenly we're really out of your time.
Studio H. You got your G. Yeah. She was after you. I mean, I get them thinking that
the studios are called H and Jeff. Yeah. Um. She re-askered
everyone. You get ass. Um. As long as we get my ass in there. Sue. H. No, this is,
what did you just put in your mouth? Is that gum or gum from earlier? I just need a buzz
to get me through the shit and Brad is a buzz with this show. Let's hear from Brad. No comment.
What is your shirt say? Where is Marieka? And they can't see. Yeah, we can't see.
Me and a mere kid. Is there something on the back of Brad? Here we go. Here we go.
Yeah. He shirts a fewers. New merch says, where is Marieka? I'm sure it's where it says
one of the most. It's new merch. It says where is Marieka? Where is Marieka?
I think it's a little weird or it's just Brad who's making the merch. It's me. It's
for my show. Wow. Hill King's podcast has my episode about your company called
Brad's. Nice to see you to ask. It has not good. Right. I was, yeah. We're joking
and having fun over here. And I'm pissed behind the dust. Yeah. There's a lot of things
going on. One's not better or worse than the other. But let me tell you, one studio is
worse than the other. That's what it says. This one sucks. This is a premiere studio.
Amir, can you point over your left shoulder? What kind of color do you think that is? I'm
just curious. Is it giant green? It's not giant. Is it coal? Or is it charcoal? They went
and they wouldn't have this in studio. Like a blue. Exactly. It's dark blue. Yeah. Which is
not pleasing to the eye. Like giant wood. I find it. The works with the studio lighting really
well. Everyone looks real flattering when they're sitting with the dark and stormy blue
that we have on the walls. I'm not supposed to get dust kind of growing on me as well. First
daylight or something. Yeah. Kind of like twilight. And the last sort of people love it.
Yeah. Like you can't remember anything. So when you're looking through things like through
the sexist images or when like a house is like warm on the inside and cool on the outside.
It's when the warmth comes from the the comedy. Right. And then the coolness comes from
frankly, the charcoal. And at a certain point, cola would have been too warm.
Yeah.
February. We're in February. I can't believe the first month is already behind us because
to me it was a fever dream of health problems being in and out of the ER in hospital.
In and out of consciousness. Exactly. Right. Yeah. Exactly. Right. February made me
shiver. Because it's cold out of it. With every paper I deliver. Bad news on the door
step. I couldn't take one more step. Finish it. I can't remember. Oh my god. You cut me off.
So now I'm in it song. We're already a month into the year. And I feel like half of my
goals for the show haven't come true. That's fine. That's what I mean. That's five. There's only
11 more months. Yeah. So it like a portion of each of the eight percent of your goals have
yet. Yeah. You did not have. I would say that maybe about 8 percent. Yeah. Yeah. And let's find
nice to have like a good better workflow going. You know, like the guest booking process has been
good. Johnny's coming back on the show on Friday. Oh, that's exciting. Yeah. Wait for the return.
I'm recording for the following Friday release. Yeah. Not for this Friday but next Friday.
But anyway. Can I talk about some of my goals? Are you guys going to muffle me? Like,
you have been all of last year. I try to get a live show going in Madison Square Garden. It didn't
happen. Well, you wanted to get a show going near Madison Square Garden. But not at the actual
like add up like a fact that a mirror doesn't know speaks to the incompetency of the content team.
Not really. No, not really. That's the opposite. Yeah. That's the fact that I was shielded from that
hair brain scheme is actually a good thing. You think that they kind of know like the chain of
command and where ideas would stop stop. Yeah. Exactly. I think you're pestering people in between
me and you. But yeah, but then my anger started festering at people. Yeah. Yeah. Does it make sense?
And then you ended up not doing the show. Yeah. And then I ended up faking a concussion to
try and get sympathy so that the content team would be like, which concussion did you fake? The first,
the second one of the first. The second one. Here are my goals for the year for the ahead go.
Yeah. And for my role as an ahead go. We've already had like our our meetings where we discussed
the goals for the year. And so here's the event that gets mentioned here. Of course at the
mid February. Let's hear your goal. Yeah. Yeah. Crack down on red tape. Crack down on red tape.
Crack down like you're trying to find it and eliminate it. Crack down like my ideas should get
pushed through a lot. God, I don't think that's what that means. No, because I'm cracking down
about cracking down. I'm cracking the whip because I feel like it's like whip it whip it good.
Let's whip up good ideas. Mm-hmm. Yeah. See, all I need to get is in the room. All I need is
that foot that cancels in the door. You're in the room. I'm in H. I wouldn't say that's the room.
The room is studio G. Yeah. And that's for damn sure. I guess one way for me to remember is like
Jeff's not allowed in studio G. Yeah. And that's like his name. So that's one way for me to remember.
And when you say not allowed, do you mean like I might get in there next week? I would say you aren't
able to record in there ever. Okay. As a general rule of thumb or as like general with a cap of
energy. It's just a scheduling conflict. Is that what you're saying? No, because sometimes it's open,
but we still don't want you to be there. And it's, but you were saying it's because there's only two of us
do have little H energy. Yeah. I don't know if it's a little in the big g lower case H energy of a man.
That's that studio back there. Where we keep all the wires in the table. Yeah. A closet,
a glove right on Sunset Boulevard. You can hear tapering car driving by. That's your room for ads.
You're saying for Brad. That's what I was saying. Cracking down on red tape though. I want a
single handedly fire of the content. You can't do that. You can't. I know. That was a big swing.
But now that I got your taxes. I want there to be less barriers to entry to do something interesting.
People always get mad at me because all these episodes are repetitive, right? I have great ideas.
I don't have the cash to do. Hey, we've talked about about some of these ideas. We've got to
email you about that one idea that I've talked to you in passing twice. You know, features of mirror.
Yeah, well, yeah. We're going to do it for 200. Okay. What is that like a jeopardy thing?
Can we do that for $200? It's good. What's jeopardy? I only know Jeffrey. I always run jeopardy.
They were an answer. The doughboys weren't on jeopardy because I tried to get them on the show.
And then the way that they were put on the show was during the 24 hour live stream. We lost the
footage. Yeah. Yeah. So this is what I'm talking about with cracking down on red tape. Like sometimes
a lot of ideas are just thrown at the wall. The Mario Kart live stream. It's like, oh,
like those do well for numbers. People donate. Like it's all this that the other. But I'm like,
what about what happens in the arena? What about the things that happen between these four lines?
Sorry. I stopped listening because I'm I'm looking at the desk and you are standing.
Yeah. I can't really taught cable. You're jerking it that I don't know what it's plugged into.
But you make one slight move with your right foot and you are pulling everything out of their
sockets. One could also argue that I'm the only one keeping it. And you've moved your feet. You're
still still as taught is to be the feet. Already you're calling them out. The last time we
did this show, you were like, by the way, when you wear your bloodstone boots, your ankles look
really thin. Yeah. If I remember correctly, we you wanted like criticism, right? Like you want
us to criticize you. Okay. Get thicker ankles by doing what? Get full. Go to the gym.
Or what about thinner boots? Gold number two thinner boots. Gold number two.
Enjoy the finer things in life by taking time to rest. Fucking what? Is that the one you have
done? That's the 8%. Yeah. You were worried that you weren't getting through your goals fast enough.
And your second goal is to rest. To take time, yeah, to kind of slow down, to kind of make sure I'm
taking time to enjoy the finer things. Yeah. Which includes studio G. And so so so you at the
same time feel like you have not been getting enough done. Yeah, but doing this is achieve like
goal or not resting. Exactly right. But by resting, I actually it's oxymoronic. I achieve that goal.
But you haven't rested yet or have you rested? I've rested not enough. Okay. So a goal achieved.
Next goal is to colonize studio G. Yeah. A lot of them are g-based goals. I might have to
store in the barricade as in just the interior there. Barricade is studio G, OF. Is that from Lumez?
Yeah. Because I am miserable. I am less miserable. Brud, speak up, right? Sure, man.
Yeah. I feel like you were the wearer's mureka shirt. And because she's not here,
he's just going to boycott the episode. Much like I might start boycotting studio age. You
can boycott studio age, but you're not allowed in studio G. So where are we going to record zoom?
If that's what you want, if you're boycotting it. I said I want to colonize studio Jeff.
Do you know how to use that equipment? That equipment. He doesn't know how to use this equipment.
Got him. Let's do it again. Yeah, but it's like, you know, how many jokes does it take before,
you know, you get to the center of my anger. I don't know 50. One, two, three, four, three, four.
Yes. All right. Here we go. Next goal is to have a ton of fun.
See, you want to cut. You want to mount on and have a thousand pounds of fun.
Because like the unit of measurement, 2000 pounds. Yeah. I don't mind that. But either way,
just fractionally, let's have half the amount of fun we're having before. Still a lot of fun.
Really? Thousand pounds. Yeah. My last one is to put Maria out of a job. All right. Um, here we go.
My hair position is geo. This is something I like to call warming or wrenching.
Worming, warming, warming or wrenching heart addition. The band? What band?
Heart. Oh, man. How do I get you alone? Heart. Because Valentine's Day is after this episode
a few days. I'm going to read a couple, um, headline. It really sad when you said that. I
am, I had to burp. So you can play the Saturday. Me like having to like, yeah, um, you're more
gassy than sad than sad. Yeah. Um, I'm going to list off a bunch of news headlines and you're
guys are going to tell me if these stories are heart warming or heart wrenching. Does that make sense?
Yeah. All right. Here we go. Number one. Animal shelter celebrates after all pets adopted for
first time in nearly 50 years. Warming. Yes, that's a car warming to me. Brad, I'm a little wrenched
by that. How so you want rescue animals to be? Well, it kind of seems like the adopted all of them
at once. Like that seems nefarious, right? Who is adopting the role of the dogs at one time? Yeah.
I know. I know. Maybe it was yours. Sounds like some shit you would do. I didn't. I won't
I'll put them back. See, dude. I put them. I'll put them back. They're eating the atmospheric
river and the basket. Uh, here we go. Local grandson commits grand mattresside by injecting
untasteable amounts of sour yeast into celiac grandmother's soup over the span of nine months
inherits a lot. But warming a real headline. Local grandson grand mattresside. Yes.
Kill like a grandmother. Injecting yeast, sour yeast, which has gluten in it. Not all yeast does
case. I know you're thinking. Not all yeast naturally yeast does not have any wheat in it. Of course,
sour yeast is not all yeast. Yeah. Swimming or heart wrenching. Wrenching. Okay. And you guys. Yeah. All right.
That's warming to me. He came because he got that bag. He came. He came. He saw you conquered with
yeast. Who? All right. Burger King worker who didn't miss a day of work in 27 years buys home with
crowdfunding donations. Um, heart wrenching to me. How so? Uh, 27 years and, uh, you know,
he came that he can't afford to buy a home. But he did with the, well, the fact that society
has to pick up the slack, uh, in the, in the spaces where, you know, uh, the government or our
employers should be maybe putting people before profits. You know, all that, all that stuff. I can't get into
it all right now. And that is great detail. But it just, it just really bothers me when it's like,
I need, I really need this life-saving surgery. And I hope I can pass my go, uh, go fund me
fundraising goal together. Okay. Let's talk about healthcare them for a second. So like,
we pay taxes to the government. The government subsidizes the insurance companies. And then we also
pay the insurance companies. Put yourself in the shoes of, uh, etna. You don't think they want
dual income. You're standing up for the health insurance companies. Is that not cool to do?
First, it's not cool. I think I don't think, I don't think there's been a point in history
where it's been cool to do. I know. I just, yeah, I was just imagining what if I was at
there. I want multiple income sources. You know, blue cross, blue shield. Yeah. So hearing
you stand up for it and it really pisses me off. I do have a PPO. I think it's warming.
I had bigger king to have a castle. He got it. All right. He gained confidence, but none survived.
Shy man tosses sharp jacks in front of a public bus. Where? Okay, before I am, wouldn't survive.
Where did you pull this headline? Like, from Apple news or something.
You wrote it. Of course you wrote it. The jacks. I can't imagine any new source covering this story.
Yeah. This story growing jacks in front of what was it? You think I could have written this? What was it?
When we're talking. He gained confidence, but none survived. Shy man tosses sharp jacks in front of a bus.
Jacks. None survived. None. Even him. He, no, he gained confidence. Okay. Why?
I mean, why? Why is that got confident? Because there's no shoes of a shy man. He was shy.
Yeah. Imagine having the power to do that. I have sharp jacks and be like, all right. I'm going to do it.
Tossing him in front of a fucking EV and topples over. Jacks like the old game jacks.
Yes. That's what I thought. Mean guys name John. Jacks. Right.
Next headline. Cupboard board on the same day at the same hospital.
Wed on their birthday. Those are twins.
So hard wrenching. Oh, yeah. That should burn. It shouldn't marry your twin. No.
That took a turn for the birth.
Nice. Thanks.
Anx.
Something borrowed something blue chew.
Jokester groom shows up to nocturals pitching modest 10.
Like god.
The hell more. I think that's kind of, yeah. It's kind of special.
They could be that vulnerable in front of friends and family.
Vulnerable. Yeah. He had a semi for the entire ceremony. It was a fully.
It's just that it appears the semi. It was pretty modest. I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah.
I think that's hard for me. Yeah. I agree. I think it's hard for me. Nice.
Good Samaritan helps Michigan man plow driveway and wife.
Heartwarming, right? Yeah. So again, where are you pulling these heavy. From the fucking internet?
I don't have time to check the source. Right? Some of them feel nice and cool and some of them
are just you saying that a grandmother was killed with yeast. That one's off me.
The name of the segment is heartwarming and a arranging. I thought it was warming the wrenching.
Or if you're arranging heart edition and you're like some of these are kind of heartwarming and
other ones are like vial. I'm like they're bright. Like a small poem before every headline.
And that's not usually what it looks like in like the New York Times or the LA Times or
scenes from studio Jeff a newspaper edition. That's a headline. That's a local news.
That's a newspaper. That's a paper that I'm from studio Jeff. Newspaper edition.
There's a newspaper that he started. I see. And he's pulling the headlines.
The world's first corn star man has penis replaced with a cob.
Oh, they they they wrote that article about it. It was honestly free Bradvertizing.
My hair position is geo. All right. Heartwarming first cornstarch.
You have another punch. I was yes ending. No, I feel like he stole the thunder on that trick a little bit.
That is all right. Because you've got your little applause and then I got mine. I want my flowers.
And I think that's fine to ask for. Man keeps alive language thought to be extinct.
Warming. Warming. Okay. Non-profit organization dedicated to making all primitive languages go
extinct receives $10 billion grant from the Bill of Melinda Gates Foundation.
Right, Jean. Oh, yeah. And that just goes to show you that there's two sides to every story.
Yeah. Yeah. And there's two sides to every coin and both sides speak English.
You should have like a boo.
A boo. Yeah. Well, everything I say. I think that.
That was a recording. I didn't say that a lot.
Yeah. All right. Let's just get into this next part in a second.
Welcome to Ask Jeff. You guys have heard of Ask Jeeps. Yeah. This is Ask Jeeps.
My god. So basically, you know, again, it's it's a kind of a Valentine's day theme. We're kind of
Yeah, we're kind of circling it. It's a little bit. Yeah. It was an easy. It's Valentine's. It's not actually
set those two days after. Valentine's Day can be tricky. You know, it's a precarious time of the year,
especially if it's there, precarious time of the month. No. Really?
I thought it was a nice pun.
Anyway, I thought that you guys could kind of write into me and ask me matters of the heart.
And I could solve your problems for you. Kind of like Jeeps. Okay. Tell me the biggest
woe of your love life and let Uncle Jeff save your ass before it's too fast.
Too last. Well, if I, Brad, you're married, right? More than Mary. Yeah. Okay.
Hopefully we got two married guys here. I'm not married. I did ask asked three different women.
To Mary. Not at the same time. But I had an extra seat to go to this movie screening.
It's like, you know, here in Los Angeles, they have like the one on Sunday. Yeah, this is the one on Sunday.
And they bring like directors or writers because they're trying to get the Oscars. So I had an
extra RSVP to the screening and I asked, I said, hey, would you like to go? They said, oh, I can't
all three of them said that. No, that was the first one. Second one. Hey, would you like to go?
I'm at a town. Sorry. Third one. Hey, would you like to go?
No, I don't like you. I don't like you. I don't know you. Oh, somebody you didn't know. No. Yeah.
Well, I mean, I'm making up with details in the last one. But basically, I asked three people to go to this
thing and they all decline. Yeah. So what's the question? Where do you ask him, Jeeps?
What should I do? Like, how do I? Sorry, anyone wants to go? The screening's already happening.
Okay, but how do I in the future get a yes? I think, I feel like, I don't want to gender it, but I feel like,
no. I don't know a lot of women who want to go to like niche film screening.
Academy Award nominate. Yeah. I'm sure there are plenty, but I just am like, that feels like a crazy
first day. What would it have been a first day for all three? No, I know these people. Really. Yeah.
I'm a car. Were you asking specifically within the context of it? I was asking. I was asking,
yeah, if you know them, it might not have been the date to them. I mean, I don't know.
Sorry. Yeah. Can I just jump in here? I'm so sorry. Sure. I'm trying to get more details,
but you might want to cool it with the Diet Coke. I'm here. I feel like every time I record,
you're like, how is it asked for time? Well, I mean, it's like a caffeine boost. Well, I mean,
it's a cancer inducing. Is it? Yeah. It's probably like three of these a week through those every
time I see you. Actually, studies aren't quite conclusive on that, Jeff. Sorry, fact check. Yeah.
I don't, we don't need a fact check on the show. Why, why Diet Coke over Coke zero?
I actually, I never used to have any soda growing up. I didn't like Coke or Diet Coke or Coke zero.
I just started drinking these because they were in the office like six months ago. So I've never
had a Coke zero. Oh, you should try. I love Coke zero. I'm sorry. I'm sorry that this interrupted
their story. Oh, I was like, yeah, trying to, you know, do the, the game or whatever. It's more of a
I was at giving you with genuine. Do they think it was a date or was it like friends that you already
had? I don't know. I was nebulous. It was more like, hey, I've got an XR RSVP, which is like
to come. Maybe it sounded too casual where they were like, I don't know. Yeah, there's
something special about that. Is this a date that you wanted? It's not a bit. It's matters
the heart. Okay. Oh, that's the most recent. And that's, it was also a, the middle of a storm
on Sunday. So that was a tough sell. Well, before, I mean, I was asking, I was probably giving
like five days notice. Got it. So they weren't like a, they weren't taking that into
the fact. Yeah. So they didn't know. When, when Sunday came around and it started raining,
I was like, oh, are you actually into any of these women or you just wanted someone to go
with to the thing? Oh, I could have been. I have, I have interest, but I think if it was a
more romantic ask, they would have, one of them would have said, yes. Okay. Well, because it felt too
casual. Yeah. I'm like, raise about it. Okay. You also said the second one was out of
town. So it sounds like that person wouldn't have come anyway. Yeah. Yeah. One one told me that she
had dragon plans. What's dragon plans? Where's I now? You didn't follow up at all. I have dragon
plans. All right. No worries. No, she said, I've got dragon plans all weekend. And I said, I'm hearing
that a lot these days. Have you? No. I was just goofing around. You think she's like,
ooh, I'm crazy. I'm going to hang out with a dragon or she like, there's a metaphor that we've
not heard probably playing Dungeons and Dragons. Oh, I had dragon plans last weekend. I've been hearing
that a lot. Dragon my third leg. I've been down to pull it up. Why? Because it's fucking flooded. Right.
And I'm using my hose as a pump to help save the town. Now that's real. I'm
siphoning rain. Are you sure you want to my taxi driver with me and spewing it where necessary?
Yeah. I have GRDA. All right. I'm here. Ask you, yes.
Because whoa, of your love life. Not really love life, but we're considering answering it wrong.
Answering it. Asking it wrong. Yeah. How much wallpaper is too much? How much wall
paper is too much? Are you wall papering your house? It's been brought in. Two rolls that I've been
he stumbled over that. What did you say? It's been two rolls. So you pasted wall. And then he just
kind of trailed off. Pattern repeat is too big for this wall.
Siphoning off. That's the hardest song. But I'm sorry. I get a lot of rolls in and I've had him on.
All our repeat makes room feel bigger. It's the finest of the papers. That's really good.
Brad, Brad, Brad, Brad, Brad, Brad and Sany. Thanks. That was Casey.
Yeah. You can have wallpaper like four in one room. That's different wall paper.
Yeah. Four different wall papers. How ghost does it get with the mirror? I don't know.
There's this whole design trend of maximalism or something. Not maximal. Right. I mean, I say you
have to put your foot down somewhere, but one accent wall, all walls, but one pattern,
one colored wall, like a charcoal or a cola. I like the second one. Not so much the first. Of course.
Here's, you want my actual advice? I don't know. Maybe I'll buy that vision pro and I can sort of
live design the home so you can visualize it properly. And then you would never need to actually
physically do it if you just live in the end of vision pro. I don't mind that. Are you guys
intrigued by the vision pro? Nope. I want to, I'm intrigued by each wall paper. Which rooms in your
house are you trying to wallpaper? Living room. Living room. Yeah. I wouldn't do that. Interesting.
I don't like these other four different patterns. I mean, you could put you could put the same
pattern on all four walls. Can I pitch something for your house? Sure. I know the floor plan.
Yeah. Living room. I would keep like a white, but like a warmer white than what you have in there.
Like a fucking Swiss coffee, right? I don't know. And then the whole way, same continues into the whole
way. You just painted your cabinets in your kitchen, right? You know, like a pink? Really.
I've seen some sticker, like people have been like a sand pattern with a sticker on the
cupboard. Now you're lost cause you don't get it. Well, now because your responses are clearly
indicative that you have no idea what the fuck you're talking about. So it's just like work with a
designer or don't do your bullshit or work with a designer. Don't ask me that. I'm done to work with
the designer. Really? Yeah. I don't have any recommendations. I can. I think your office, you should
do wallpaper or statement wallpaper. There's a wallpaper in the office behind the teal couch.
And I didn't want to have to ramp the teal couch. What? I don't know. I think you might want to go
with more like a. I couch was more of like a lie. I'm trying to say I'm a cold. It'd be like a dead
salmon, a flat white. Yeah, a flat white with a dead set. You're just describing an awful breakfast.
The flat white cheese that is fine. What's that? Brad? Uh huh. They said it couldn't be done.
They said married men don't have woes. And yet here we are. Tell me the biggest one of your
love life and how I can save your ass before it's too last. Uh, well, we don't have any woes,
really. So I can't really help you there. You're not helping me. What do you think this is?
This is just for the show. I'm trying to help you. Well, you wanted my advice, right?
I want you. I want you. I want to help you with giving you advice. I don't think you're
quite in a position to do that. Why is that? No, I'm curious. You're just kind of not. You know,
I don't know what it means. She's like in general. Yeah, for sure. You're anti-wise. Yeah.
And meanwhile me over here. Am. So I don't even think you gave me advice on my
genuine inquiry. Yeah. Casey in point. Yeah. What's the case? One.
And point. I did. I said make a definitive date happen. Oh, yeah. I mean, yeah, that's no problem.
I didn't say it was a hard issue. I'm just saying that's my advice. Yes, yes, for Jeff's advice,
I think I advice to Casey was honestly better to have Riz. Yeah, that's great advice.
Have Riz. You'll be swimming in the atmospheric river of box. Oh, my. Have Riz about it. Take me to the river. Take me to the
Rizmer atmospheric river. The IARC classifies Aspertame is possibly carcinogenic to humans,
based on limited evidence. It might cause cancer in people. But soldiers, I don't know, smoking.
And you don't see me not doing that. Yeah, I'm saying that the evidence isn't conclusive.
Even better. I mean, there's the evidence.
They haven't finished. You know, they have another album in the world. Let's just
let's round it out. Let's bring the episode home. Let's not end on this note. Okay. What's that famous
evidence? Evanescent song. Wake me up. Wake me up inside. I can't wake up.
Give me another than the same thing.
Dark enough with the camaraderie with the singing and unison with the being in time.
All right. It's supposed to be dividing your asses. Yeah. So that I'm the one in charge. Okay.
Divide and conquer Studio Joff. This is H. Fuck. And it will always be.
Good. I'm starting to come around on Studio H. Well, Studio How?
Plugs.
Right. Let's get the fuck out of here. I am doing my one-man show.
Oh, no way. Moment tonight. So you missed it. Unfortunately. This is the first I've heard of this.
This isn't real. I haven't planned it. I'm just trying to put it in the ether. You're trying to
put it out there to do tonight. He's creating FOMO Jeff. Have I heard of it?
Even if that's true. Why are you yelling at me like that's like he's doing this awesome thing.
Get off his back. He's creating FOMO. That's nothing. That's nothing. He's creating it.
He's creating something. It's more than say about anybody else.
Casey, what do you got? Listen to the pit wall. It's easy. Yes, he's coming out soon.
Yeah, Director of the Survive is dropping at the end of the month and we will be talking about it.
Episode by episode or two episodes at a time. We haven't figured it out yet. Man,
we're still on hiatus. It's the off season. I have so much to do outside of the pit wall.
How am I supposed to be planning podcasts a month in advance? I don't know. I feel. I just
am like, oh, like, I'm so much going on. You don't do anything else here besides this. You hit
your head once and you hit your head three or four times since. Every time you're telling us you're
feeling a little bit better, you hit your head again. And I'm, excuse me, you're starting to think
it's so that we don't have you do other stuff. You're sort of doing it as a crutch. Yeah.
Oh, I should be on crutches. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, the pit wall.
Follow me on Instagram and I Casey, don't you? Brad. Go. Listen to slash watch The Hill King's podcast on
YouTube and Apple and Spotify Jeff did an episode with us. Has it come out yet? It hasn't come out yet.
It will come out once we start releasing season two. We just finished season one.
But Jeff was in the second episode and it was a really good time and thank you. I was I
guessed it on that episode. The day I got my concussion. Really. And my co-hosts. When in
the labor like an hour after we recorded it. That's crazy. It's a cursed episode. Well, no, the baby
came and his healthy and. Yeah, some more for the baby or main of our wrenching. Oh, did he? Yeah.
Yeah. Good. Hang. I got the concussion after the episode. A couple hours after exactly
because you were just writing the high of being on the Hill King's pod. Patreon.com slash. Right,
out in Jeff. Thank you guys.